so four years ago a comedian in Ukraine
a guy named a vault vault near szalinski
created a show called servant of the
people on which he played the president
of Ukraine and in April he was elected
president of Ukraine the actual
president of Ukraine and now he's
co-starring with our president in the
new show which has been going on and
it's just this is just nuts so if you
haven't heard a whistleblower filed a
complaint after listening in on a phone
call as intelligence officials do in
which our president urged olenski urged
him on reported eight times to look into
activities related to Jill Biden's son
who had business in that country which
is a crazy thing to do and maybe even
crazier is the fact that Trump did this
on July 25th the day after the Moller
testimonies a day after the conclusion
of a major investigation into whether he
got help in the election from a foreign
leader he gets on the phone and asked
for help from another foreign leader
it's like the only thing I can compare
it to is when Mike Tyson bit Evander
Holyfield's ear and then bit Evander
Holyfield's other ear so the big league
question now is whether Trump used a
financial aid that we give the
Ukrainians as a bargaining chip in
exchange for investigating his chief
political rivals son Trump says that the
subject of Joe Biden did come up during
the call he says he did not put any
pressure on the Ukrainian president to
launch an investigation he says he
wouldn't do something like that but then
also said he could have and it probably
possibly would have been okay if he had
I don't want to talk about any
conversation other than to say other
than to say great conversation totally
appropriate conversation couldn't have
been better and keep asking questions
and build it up as big as possible so
you can have a bigger downfall and like
a child confronted about something he's
ashamed he did he got madder and madder
from there I think this is one of the
worst weeks in the history of the fake
news media you have been wrong on so
many things and this one will be I
wouldn't say it will top the list
because I think you can't do worse than
some of the stories you missed over the
last week or two but the media of our
country is left at all over the world
now you're a joke okay what else I hate
you you're all losers next question and
then yesterday he wandered out on the
White House lawn where he was asked
about this once again I said absolutely
nothing we're all get with perfect
listen to me
I assume many people are on the line I
know that before it makes a call in that
for you intelligence agencies everybody
listening that's always a great cause a
perfect call it was a perfect call it's
so perfect in fact he does not want
anyone to hear it yeah Joe Biden's
calling on him to release a transcript
of the call which I'm guessing won't
happen without the subpoena and in the
meantime at the UN today the president
was in a foul mood and of course the
president's bumbling attorney hasn't
held much Rudy Giuliani was on CNN where
he got into it with Chris Cuomo and made
a startling admission about his role in
all of this did you ask the Ukraine to
investigate Joe Biden no actually I
didn't I asked the Ukraine to
investigate the allegations that there
was interference in the election of 2016
by the Ukrainians for the benefit of
Hillary Clinton for which they were
already is never a leading anything
about hunter Biden you never asked
anything about Jovi only thing I asked
about Joe Biden is to get to the bottom
of how it was that would senko who was
appointed right dismissed the case
against until you did ask Ukraine to
look into Joe Biden of course I did
don't worry about what I said what comes
out of my mouth has nothing to do with
what's happening in my brain they're
totally different parts this was quite a
back-and-forth than the way it ended I
would have been more less surprised if
Giuliani had turned into a bat and flew
away your network is the creature of the
Democratic National Committee Rudy
Giuliani I appreciate your telling you
so embarrassed to be on that note I'm
the one who should be embarrassed oh I'm
a better man CNN I'm embarrassed I'm
embarrassed for you have a Byzantine
balcony that
don't be embarrassed I'm what he needs
to I'm worried about you they're not
aware of what you're doing your
integrity of course I'm aware of what
I'm good night have a good night
well you shouldn't have a good night
because what you're doing is very bad
for the country all right I gotta go all
right well I hope you wake up 10 times
the P tonight the bottom line is it
would appear that the President of the
United States use his office to ask a
foreign country to dig up dirt on an
opponent and Democrats in Congress are
now thinking very seriously about
threatening to maybe consider almost
doing something about it the Republicans
are very quiet right now their argument
basically boils down to well number one
president Trump would never pressure a
foreign government to get dirt on the
Biden family and number two of course he
did everybody does that it's politics
the only Republican who seems to have a
problem with this is Mitt Romney who
wrote if the president asked or
pressured Ukraine's president to
investigate his political rival either
directly or through his personal
attorney it would be troubling in the
extreme that's about as angry as Mitt
Romney got so this is troubling in the
excretory we must rectify this forthwith
if you liked that video click the
subscribe button but only if you're
ready for commitment